Captions en In this video, I'll walk you through how In this video, I'll walk you through how In this video, I'll walk you through how I identified serious misconfigurations I identified serious misconfigurations I identified serious misconfigurations on my university's website. I want to be on my university's website. I want to be on my university's website. Furthermore, I want to be clear, no harmful data is revealed. Clear, no harmful data is revealed. Clear, no harmful data is revealed. Everything you see is fully censored. Everything you see is fully censored. Furthermore, everything you see is fully censored. This is done responsibly and This is done responsibly and This is done responsibly and legally. So, starting with the legally. So, starting with the legally. So, starting with the reconnaissance phase, the first thing I reconnaissance phase, the first thing I reconnaissance phase, the first thing I do is look for subdomains related to the do is look for subdomains related to the do is look for subdomains related to the main website. Subdomains are basically main website. Subdomains are basically main website. Subdomains are basically additional entry points of a website and additional entry points of a website and additional entry points of a website and finding them helps increase the overall finding them helps increase the overall finding them helps increase the overall attack surface. Each one can run attack surface. Each one can run attack surface. Each one can run different services, different services, different services, different configurations and different security configurations and different security configurations and different security controls. More subdomains mean more controls. More subdomains mean more controls. More subdomains mean more surface. Next, I analyze what services surface. Next, I analyze what services surface. Next, I analyze what services the website is actually running. There the website is actually running. There the website is actually running. There are multiple tools for this, but one of are multiple tools for this, but one of are multiple tools for this, but one of the most common is NAPA. N MAPA the most common is NAPA. N MAPA the most common is NAPA. N MAPA helps identify open ports, helps identify open ports, helps identify open ports, active services, server technologies, active services, server technologies, active services, server technologies, and exposed network services. This tells and exposed network services. This tells and exposed network services. This tells us what the system is running and where us what the system is running and where us what the system is running and where to focus testing. You can also use to focus testing. You can also use to focus testing. Furthermore, you can also use browser extensions like Papalize to browser extensions like Papalize to browser extensions like Papalize to quickly detect the technologies a site quickly detect the technologies a site quickly detect the technologies a site is built on. In my case, the website was built on. In my case, the website was built on.

In my case, the website was running technologies like SQL and running technologies like SQL and running technologies like SQL and Laravel and a few other components. Laravel and a few other components. Laravel and a few other components. After identifying the services, the next After identifying the services, the next After identifying the services, the next step is discovering hidden directories step is discovering hidden directories step is discovering hidden directories and files. These are paths that are not and files. These are paths that are not and files. These are paths that are not linked publicly but still exist on the linked publicly but still exist on the linked publicly but still exist on the server. For this, I use a technique server. For this, I use a technique server. For this, I use a technique called directory fuzzing. It automates called directory fuzzing. It automates called directory fuzzing. Furthermore, it automates the process of testing thousands the process of testing thousands the process of testing thousands of possible paths automatically. I use an of possible paths automatically. I use an of possible paths automatically. Furthermore, I use a directory fuzzing tool with a word list. Directory fuzzing tool with a word list. Directory fuzzing tool with a word list. To automate this entire process To automate this entire process To automate this entire process for the word list, I am using seek for the word list, I am using seek for the word list, I am using seek lists. It is a standard collection used lists. It is a standard collection used lists. Furthermore, it is a standard collection used in real world security testing. You can in real world security testing. You can in real world security testing. Furthermore, you can download it using this command. With the download it's using this command. With the download it's using this command. With the help of that, I was able to find some help of that, I was able to find some help of that, I was able to find some hidden directories. You can also use hidden directories. You can also use hidden directories. Furthermore, you can also use different directory word lists from deck different directory word lists from deck different directory word lists from deck lists depending on what kind of lists depending on what kind of lists depending on what kind of content you are trying to discover. This content you are trying to discover. This content you are trying to discover. This time I switched to another word list time I switched to another word list time I switched to another word list from seek lists focused more on from seek lists focused more on from seek lists focused more on configuration and sensitive configuration and sensitive configuration and sensitive files. And this time I was able to find files. And this time I was able to find files. And this time I was able to find some really serious information some really serious information some really serious

Information disclosures. One of the files I disclosures. One of the files I disclosures. Furthermore, one of the files I discovered was the envy file. An ensile discovered was the envy file. An ensile discovered was the envy file. An ensile is used to store application is used to store application is used to store application configuration and sensitive environment configuration and sensitive environment configuration and sensitive environment variables. This file exposed critical variables. This file exposed critical variables. This file exposed critical application details like the application details like the application details like the application key, database connection details and key, database connection details and key, database connection details and other internal settings. From here, it is other internal settings. From here, it is other internal settings. From here, it is technically possible to interact with is technically possible to interact with is technically possible to interact with the application back end. But I will not the application back end. But I will not the application back end. But I will not take this any further because this take this any further because this take this any further because this testing is being done legally and testing is being done legally and testing is being done legally and responsibly. After that, I responsibly. After that, I responsibly. After that, I continued directory fuzzing on continued directory fuzzing on continued directory fuzzing on discovered paths. This technique helps discovered paths. This technique helps discovered paths. This technique helps uncover files inside other directories uncover files inside other directories uncover files inside other directories that are not meant to be accessed that are not meant to be accessed that are not meant to be accessed directly. Using this approach, I directly. Using this approach, I directly. Using this approach, I was able to find Laravel log files on was able to find Laravel log files on was able to find Laravel log files on the system. These log files can the system. These log files can the system. These log files can expose internal errors, application expose internal errors, application expose internal errors, application behavior, server structure, and behavior, server structure, and behavior, server structure, and sometimes even session related sometimes even session related sometimes even session related information. Now, there is an information. Now, there is an information. Now, there is a known attack vector related to Laravel known attack vector related to Laravel known attack vector related to Laravel log files. If a user accesses a log files. If a user accesses a log files. If a user accesses a non-existent path on the server, Laravel non-existent path on the server, Laravel non-existent path on the server, Laravel generates an error, that error gets generates an error, that error gets generates an error, that error gets written inside the log file. In some written inside the log file. In some written inside the log file. In some misconfigured setups, these log files misconfigured setups, these log files misconfigured setups, these

Log files can be abused to inject can be abused to inject can be abused to inject malicious input, which may lead to malicious input, which may lead to malicious input, which may lead to remote code execution. So at this point I wanted to continue So at this point I wanted to continue So at this point I wanted to continue testing this website further but as you testing this website further but as you testing this website further but as you can see on the screen the site is no can see on the screen the site is no can see on the screen the site is no longer responding normally. Instead, it's longer responding normally. Instead, it's longer responding normally. Instead, it's showing a bandwidth limit exceeded showing a bandwidth limit exceeded showing a bandwidth limit exceeded message. This usually means the server message. This usually means the server message. This usually means the server has reached its resource limit, and it has reached its resource limit, and it has reached its resource limit, and it can no longer handle incoming requests. Can no longer handle incoming requests. Can no longer handle incoming requests. In most cases, this happens due to poor In most cases, this happens due to poor In most cases, this happens due to poor hosting, limited infrastructure, or hosting, limited infrastructure, or hosting, limited infrastructure, or improper traffic management. Um, because improper traffic management. Um, because improper traffic management. Um, because of this, I can't continue testing right of this, I can't continue testing right of this, I can't continue testing right now, and instead of forcing requests or now, and instead of forcing requests or now, and instead of forcing requests or causing instability. Also, I haven't causing instability. Besides, I haven't causing instability. Besides, I haven't uploaded on this channel for around 13 uploaded on this channel for around 13 uploaded on this channel for around 13 days. This was mainly the days. This was mainly the days. This was mainly the reconnaissance. In the next part, I'll reconnaissance. In the next part, I'll reconnaissance. In the next part, I'll continue with full manual testing. So, continue with full manual testing. So, continue with full manual testing. So, if you found this video useful and want if you found this video useful and want if you found this video useful and want to see how this continues, make sure to see how this continues, make sure to see how this continues, make sure to like the video and subscribe to the like the video and subscribe to the like the video and subscribe to the channel.